 
it's probably better if I just explain what we do.

Although we will experiment, the simplest kernel is composed of
exponential decay electron
attenuation functions vs depth, z, calculated over the range 0 <= z <= Z,
where, Z is usually
4 - 5 times the electron attenuation length, lambda, or wherever the
function drops to some
minimum value.  This represents the probability (I know, I have to watch
how I use that word
when I'm talking to Bayesians) that a photoelectron created at depth z
escapes the surface
and is counted. There is a different function for each angle at which the
photoelectron spectral
intensities are measured. The functional form is given as

K(z, lambda, TOA) = exp(-z / (lambda * sin(TOA)))

We have been using TOA = 20, 27, 35, 50, and 80 degree from sample surface
- this is more or
less user choice and I think Bob uses somewhat different angles that span
roughly the same space.
Lambda (used 3.4 nm below) is calculated for each electron energy
(species) using a published
method (TPP-2M) and z may be in ~0.1 or 0.2 nm increments from 0 to ~4 - 5
lambda.

So, the kernel consists of a kernel matrix that is n depths x m TOAs.  I
plotted an example kernel
and include it below.  I overlayed the attenuation function on the default
model in the lower plot.  Note
that there is a separate kernel for each species (i.e., lambda).  Note
that the calculation is extended
deeper in the solid than displayed - it should go to a depth where the
attenuation function approaches
0 (or one could do an analytical calculation of the remaining intensity
after all the profiles go flat).

Then, the measured data are simulated as the inner product of the test
profile for the species with the
kernel for the species.  There are 4 species and 5 angles so the measured
data matrix, D, is 5 x 4.

I think that this will be a lot easier if we generate a dataset for you.

Dave

PS I have copied my colleague from ULVAC-PHI on this email.  Dr Tanaka is
working on the instrument
model for these calculations.





the sigmoid (Fermi) function I use is given below so your alpha is my
Height, or initial
concentration estimate assuming a uniform film, your beta is my IntWidth
(interface width
or width in z of the transition region going from Height to zero
concentration), and your delta
is my Position in z of the (0.5 * Height) point on the sigmoid function. I
probably misunderstand
but I interpret what you say below to mean that you would like to fit the
measured data (intensities
for 4 species and 5 angles) to optimize these (12 in the case of 4
species) parameters instead of
just setting them to not unreasonable values?  The data are unlikely to be
fit very well by these
uniform functions so I do not know what is to be gained by this?

Sigmoid = Height ./ (1.0 + exp(-IntWidth * (X - Position))) ;

Also, as we discussed, I don't know how the default model can be made less
informative unless you
broaden the interface region or just assume there is no interface?
